add how to give proofreader permissions on crowdin (#47662)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/language-lead-handbook.md

> In programs like Microsoft Excel you can hide the columns of the other languages to free up screen real-estate and see the English columns and the target language columns near each other.

After you have made the changes and saved the file, you will need to make a PR with the proposed changes. After the PR is accepted, you will need to run the GitHub Action workflow to update the Crowdin Glossary. Your glossary changes will not have immediate effects, but they will come.

## How to Promote a Contributor to Proofreader

If you consider that a contributor could become a Crowdin Proofreader, you can give the proofreader role to them in this way:

> In crowdin, individuate the `User management" on the left handside menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Crowdin, individuate the `User management` on the left hand side menu.
```
